I get the same question all the time if
I had to pick one marketing strategy to
invest in what would you pick Neil and
while I can't say for sure that there's
just one strategy I put over everything
else just because they all serve
different purposes I can say there is
one low-cost conversion friendly High
Roi strategy that you simply can't
afford not to have in your marketing
Arsenal can you guess what it is leave a
comment below letting me know what you
think it is here's a Hint it has a 98
open rate and the best engagement rate
out of any other marketing medium it's
SMS marketing I hear people dismiss SMS
which is just short form messing you
know those text messages you get on your
phone I hear them dismissing all the
time but those marketing texts you get
from an automated number you've seen
them the ones that you think everyone
ignores the reality is people don't
ignore them they convert a crazy rate
precisely because so many of them get
open which is more than you can say
about almost any other form of marketing
communication such as email marketing or
even push notifications if you heard of
it once you've heard of it a thousand
times people are glued to their phones
these days the average person checks
their phones 344 times a day research
from status shows that in 2021 sms's
experiences 75 year-over-year increase
in popularity among customers 71 percent
of people say that they check their
phones within 10 minutes of getting out
of bed heck I checked mine within 10
seconds of getting out of bed the
average American spends two hours and 54
minutes each day on their phone which
comes out to almost 44 days a year
from group text to social media to every
app Under the Sun there are a million
reasons to be absorbed by your phone
these days so if your audience is
already checking it
why not meet them where their attention
already is directed there are a ton of
SMS marking strategies that you can try
now so let's dive in strategy one offer
exclusive deals already have a
substantial subscriber list and want to
capitalize on it create a uniquely
generated coupon code so that you can
send to your subscribers and they can
take advantage of it and you can also
give each user a unique code so that way
they can't just take that code from
their friend they gotta actually
subscribe to your list the cool thing
about SMS marketing is you can also tie
it into your payment system so that way
people can quickly buy from their phone
as well and redeem within a few clicks
and think of it from the subscriber
standpoint if they're already subscribed
then next time you want to promote a
specific product with some coupon code
or discount or limited time deal they
can engage and quickly get that offer
through SMS it's much better than having
to check your email
strategy number two use a trip campaign
don't you just love it when you have
that golden opportunity to automate a
part of your marketing strategy I do
that's the beauty of a drip campaign
there are automated messages sent out
based on specific factors like
how long have they been a customer for
and that can allow you to adapt your
sms's to specific people and you can do
triggers title responses based on how
long someone's been with you and how
much you've bought from you whereas a
service or product so then that way you
can end up getting more sales
so let's stick with the coupon example
from let's say strategy number one you
can offer a five percent coupon right
after someone signs up to your SMS list
a 10 off coupon after three weeks and a
20 coupon after two months assuming they
haven't redeemed any of the other
coupons or if you have high margins you
can just run your sequence that way and
because you can schedule them
automatically you can map out the entire
sequence beforehand such as if someone
does one or redeems one you don't have
to send them another you can send them
an upseller or if they don't redeem the
coupon you can send them a bigger coupon
in hopes to entice them strategy 3
collect information I've talked about
this in the past and just how essential
it is to create buyer personas for your
brand simply put if you want to Market
to your audience is absolutely essential
that you understand it you can pull your
customers about different options that
you're offering or you can even send out
surveys to acid about their experience
you can then use that to create better
targeting and figure out how you should
tweak your campaigns to drive more leads
and sales
strategy 4 run a contest who doesn't
love winning something for free
according to easy texting half of
consumers respond to a text within three
minutes so if you're offering up
something for a contest you can pretty
much count on a number of participants
to opt in right away
have your customers sign up for the
contest by texting on a specific keyword
and then choose a winner from the pool
that's opted in you can even collaborate
with the partner brand to grow your
audience and have even more subscribers
opt-in strategy 5 transactional
messaging trust me don't skip this one
even if it doesn't seem like an obvious
one it's an immediate way to grow your
brand customers love transparent
communication and a great way to do this
is when someone makes a purchase let
them know they made a purchase let them
know about other things that they can
also get you can also let them know when
things are getting shipped out there are
two types of text messages that
customers really love to receive
shipping updates 75 love that according
to G2 and 65 love confirmation messages
think about it what's more exciting
knowing that your package is on the way
or you're getting specific results or
that service that you're just purchased
is already in action and it's working
strategy six build exclusivity people
want exclusive offers if someone's on
your SMS list give them some love show
them something else that no one else in
your audience is going to see it's a
great way to get more people to opt in
because they know they're going to get
special treatment now if you need help
with your SMS marketing check out my Ad
Agency NP digital where we help
companies with their digital marketing
communication and if you just have any
questions leave a comment below we're
here to help you out and if you enjoy
the video subscribe like the channel
share the video I appreciate your time